Polish `tool()` API (#604)
tidyverse/ellmer: vignettes/tool-calling.Rmd

}
```

> Note that we've gone through the trouble of creating [roxygen2 comments](https://roxygen2.r-lib.org/). This is a very important step that will help the model use your tool correctly!

Reviewer: > This is a very important step that will help the model use your tool correctly!

This sentence (and moving it up in the doc) makes it sound like `tool()` will automatically use the roxygen2 docs or that it's required to create a tool.

I think you should:

1. Move this paragraph to just before "This is a fair amount of code to write..." where you introduce `create_tool_def()`
2. Soften the language a bit to say that writing the roxygen2 docs can save time (rather than being an important step for correctness)

}
```

To turn a function into a tool, we provide some additional metadata that the model will use:

```{r}
get_current_time <- tool(
  get_current_time,
  description = "Gets the current time in the given time zone.",
  arguments = list(
    tz = type_string(
      "The time zone to get the current time in. Defaults to `\"UTC\"`.",
      required = FALSE
    )
  )
)
```

This is a fair amount of code to write, even for such a simple function. Fortunately, you don't have to write this by hand! I generated the above `tool()` call by calling `create_tool_def(get_current_time)`, which printed that code at the console. `create_tool_def()` works by passing the function's signature and documentation to an LLM and asking it to generate the `tool()` call for you. `create_tool_def()` is not perfect, so you must review the generated code before using it. But it is a huge time-saver nonetheless, and removes the boilerplate generation you'd have to do otherwise.

Note that a tool is just a special type of function so we can still call it:

```{r}
get_current_time()
```

### Registering and using tools

> Now we need to tell our chat object about our tool. We do this with `$register_tool()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we need to give our chat object access to our tool. We do this with `$register_tool()`:
```

I normally like "tell X about Y", but I think it's better to think of `description` as how you tell your chat object about the tool -- or really _about how to use_ the tool, but _about_ is ambiguous as currently written.
